jira/NMS-14736 encryption property jasypt (#5414)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/releasenotes/pages/changelog.adoc

[[release-31-changelog]]
= Changelog

[[releasenotes-changelog-31.0.2]]

== Release 31.0.2

Release 31.0.2 is a blah blah blah...

It contains something something someting...

NOTE: The documentation for enabling JAAS encryption for Minion and Sentinel has changed.

> If you have enabled encryption previously and wish to enable stronger Jasypt-based encryption, you will need to re-set any existing user passwords.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have enabled encryption previously and wish to enable stronger Jasypt-based encryption, you need to reset any existing user passwords.
```
